Hello, one and all, welcome to downtown Compton, Hollywood, California, the Nerdist Eater.
The Parliament Town is now in session. Do we have a Spencer Crittenden among us? There he is. Spencer Crittenden!
Just to keep things rolling, let's bring out the mayor of the town, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Casey Rupp. So important that he or she has to have two. I know Casey. I heard somebody say, who is she in the crowd?
I'm just waving to the people in the front row.
Dave Kline and Lear are wearing matching schmatas right now. Do you guys want to get up and show the crowd? Are you in love? What's going on here?
This is very nice. They both have a Vincent Van Gogh story night kind of thing happening.
Oh, you got presents? She's reaching into her purse. This looks like some illicit action going on here.
This is a couple made of Harmontown regulars.
Can I ask, can I inquire, has this become a romance between you two? Yeah.
All right. Oh, shit! Jeff, just to answer you, yep, yep. Thank you. Oh my God, that's so beautiful. Did you guys just go to Disneyland?
Yeah.
You gave me a Mickey Mouse pin, which I adore. I love all things Disneyland. Oh, look at you little lovebirds. All right, sit down.
Dave Kline, what were you going to say? You had something to say.
I just wanted to give a shout out to Vinnie Van Gogh and also a top notch handkerchief fine art game they got up at the Getty Center. You got great fine art prints on some top notch silk scarfs.
Enter the code YUP for a 20% discount. He just becomes like this corrupt cottage industry.
Nike's coming out with the new YUPies.
We should do that. Now that we're occasionally doing ads, we should have some of our Armenians get up and do some of our spots for us.
If you have $50,000, we'd be happy to plug your Etsy with the same vigor as we do meundies.
Cody just texted me before I think about it, but I was thinking because somebody, Casey, Casey could be a girl's name or a Cody's.
Cody's, I think tends to be a little more of a boy's name than a girl's name, but Cody's excited. She would have kids like, you know, whether it's a boy or a girl, it'll be Cody Jr.
It'd be cooler if it's a girl, if it's a Cody Jr. I think that'd be cool.
And then just now she texted me because we were just having such a nice time.
We're staying in a hotel because we got skunked and it turned out to do a really nice, what the kids call a staycation.
And by kids, I mean Jay Moore, the Jay Moore generation, I think they call it a staycation.
And it's been really nice. We've been watching a lot of true crime stuff and murder stuff.
And she was just texting me, what if we had a kid and another name could be Forensic.
A big name, Forensic Heller, Forensic Harmon.
Okay, so I just want to raise, we have a guest I'm pretty excited about.
I think it's going to be just more fun to just hang out with and chat with, not that excludes anybody else that's ever, they've all been fun to hang out and chat with, except that one guy.
Yeah, one guy. That weird guy from Game of Thrones. He was a real bummer.
Uh, Grey Worm? Yeah, when he started rapping in fucking Valerian.
P.U. What a guest. That's sarcasm of Grey Worm's listening. I'm being funny.
No. That was pretty amazing.
I'm still excited that we had Grey Worm on the show.
I just want to do another segment, even though it's going to be the same content, but it's, again, just reminders to waitstaff.
Do we have a theme song for that segment?
Yeah, don't forget the stuff I told you. Not to do when you're serving me food. Just because the economy still laughs doesn't mean it's communism.
There's still a hierarchy. Your money still has to trickle down from someone in the entertainment industry. It's Los Angeles, not Detroit.
Stop saying how's everything tasting. Stop it. Tasting is a word that evokes the idea of things in the mouth.
I don't want you talking about what's in my mouth. I don't want you to stop saying how's everything tasting. How does everything taste?
Just say how is everything. Leave it at that, okay? How's everything in your mouth? How's your tongue running over your food right now?
Do you want that music sting in between each one of these, or do you want to just keep it rolling?
Put a tag on that. Let's try it out. There's only one more thing.
So this kind of blew my mind, because as you know, if you listen to the podcast, you know that I don't enjoy it when you eat all your food,
and it feels like it's held against you somehow in some kind of strange, weird, power dynamic.
I'm talking about the thing where I guess you hated it when there's only crumbs on the plate.
I don't like it because it's them going like, well, you either have to be a dick by not laughing, or you have to subjugate yourself by laughing.
I don't want to be put in that position. You non-privileged people think you have problems.
As Molly Ringwald once said to Anthony Michael Hall, it's hard being popular.
So this little fucking boner was pulled on me today. I've never heard this one in my life.
Somebody pulled a boner?
Sometimes a wait person will say when they look at your empty plate, I guess you hated it, leaving you to either go,
I liked it, or for you to go, what? To do what? To go, and then they'll go, come on, can't be that bad.
I don't like being manipulated in a conversation. It can just be exchange of information.
I don't do that to you people. Right? Thank you. That was a good meta-junk. I riffed that. I lived it.
So I've never heard this before. So I'm halfway done with the meal. Cody and I are sitting at the...
I won't name the place. I don't want them to go out of business. I don't want to Oprah their beef industry.
I know the power I have. I'm going to let them chill for a little. The manager will hear this, he'll clean up his act.
Just to keep it vague, it was one of Guy Fieri's restaurants.
So I'm halfway done with my meal, and this person comes up, the wait person comes up and says, I wrote it down.
Well, I... God damn it, fuck it. No, I know it's a new worst nightmare that I would point you out or mention you.
So I'm not going to. Welcome.
So the wait person comes up and says, well, I guess I can assume everything's tasting good because I can see that everything's half gone.
And I was like, wait a minute, bro, I reserve the right to force myself to eat shitty food.
You can't assume. What do you mean? I guess I can assume everything's tasting good.
First of all, you're using tasting. Let that slide. I guess I can assume.
It's like when you say to somebody, I owe you an apology. Well, give it up, n-bomb. Give me my apology.
Well, tell me you owe it to me. That's like abuse, or even if you say, I apologize.
No, you don't. You describe yourself apologizing is what you do right now.
You're Tarzan saying, I apologize, you're not apologizing.
It's an acknowledgement of the offense, an expression of remorse, and a commitment to change.
I learned it in therapy. Four deep breaths.
Four deep breaths.
Well, I guess I can assume everything's tasting good. You can ask me if it's good.
All right, fine. That ends the segment.
Okay, all right.
And then there was an Uber driver playing country western music.
And by Uber driver, I guess I mean, he was not the country western listener genetically.
Do you want some theme music for this segment here?
No, no. This is just Dan Harmon's attempt to weave the highway cones of white guilt and racism.
I felt like the guy was like, I don't know, look, he was an Uber driver. What country is that?
I don't know, but it's not the place where Travis Tritt is from.
It's called Uberkistan.
And I knew, you know, the same cologne in the Uber and the same general vibe, but he's playing the thing.
And I was thinking, oh, it's Westwood. That's why he's playing like this country station.
And I think it's maybe because I just made this racist assumption.
I was like, this can't be his favorite music.
Because it's like, let's raise a glass, cheerleaders and quarterbacks all through this small town heartland.
I made that up, but it was like, let's raise a glass to the cheerleaders and quarterbacks.
And he's driving and he's like, he's definitely like Eastern, Eastern, East of Eastern European.
And so he's never, I'm not saying...
He might be into today's modern country.
He might, and we all want him to be, especially the people that ride to get a Uber in Westwood.
Okay, tourists who are like staying in Westwood and they're like, oh, you like Travis Tritt?
Yes, I do. More stars for me.
But that's the thing I can't figure out.
It's like, really, stars are that hard to get?
You could have tried to like investigate and ask him something.
No, I would not.
You ever see this guy live?
He had said, like, you like Country Western? He would have been like, you want me to change you?
I'll change it.
I'm like, I don't want to engage with you.
I want to listen to my last week's podcast on my earbuds.
All right, all right.
Look, I didn't come here to win popularity contests tonight.
You're speaking of last week's podcast and music.
You sang a little hair metal song about radio.
Oh, okay, okay.
Oh, crap. His name is, we found it on Twitter. He gave it to me. His name is Nick Seepman, S-I-E-P-M-A-N-N.
And I forget his, I think his Twitter handle is St. Underscore Brickworks, if you want to find him.
Can I play what he wrote? It's only about two minutes long.
I think you guys might enjoy it.
Yeah, so if you're a hardcore enough fan that you've clicked on this, then I guess you can use your little 15 circle button
to fast forward through because you're playing the thing.
But if you bought a $10 ticket, fuck you.
But hopefully you haven't heard it.
No, but it's really good because Dan just freestyled.
What was the setup to your song?
I was just thinking Radiohead's name sounds like the title of a very non-Radiohead band from like 86 or something.
Quite a hair band kind of thing.
And so Nick here has titled this track Nightblade.
Or maybe the band is Nightblade. The track is Radiohead.
Shall I play it? Here we go.
And I haven't heard it. You described it to me in the green room.
Yeah, I listened to it in the car on the way home from the airport today and it's rock.
And by the way, I just want to thank this guy in advance because as I was saying to you in the green room, the truth is I was high at Radiohead
and I really did start doing that thing and it was from a place of joy and it was really much better than what I shared with you
when I was like, turn your station to misery.
And I was like trying to recapture something that was truly joyful, which every time I do, it always sucks.
But now this person is like a true 80s rock and roll fashion.
He's taken crappy lyrics and made it rock. Here we go.
Turn your station to misery.
Watch your dial-in.
Watch your frequent frequency.
Radiohead. Radiohead.
Radiohead.
Change me to rock and roll.
Be playing air guitar to guitar solo.
That's some good shit.
Yeah, I would have mixed the lyrics a little louder.
You're an ungrateful son of a bitch.
Spencer, what did you think about that?
It was amazing how Dave took his shirt off when his guitar strap was still around his neck.
It was crazy.
Come to Harmontown. We will note your space work.
No, I loved it. It was great.
If that's not worth subscribing to, see Dave Kline take his shirt off and defy guitar strap space work.
I'll save my Olympic questions for when our guest is out here.
That can be one of the things that I'm obsessed with.
Well, Armchair denotes amateur. He's an expert.
He doesn't have a PhD. He's a comedian and a writer.
He's kind of an expert on obsession because he's got a Feral Audio podcast about obsession.
Different people come on. They talk about the things they're obsessed with and he gets to the bottom of them.
He's also written like an amazing, super funny, crazy shit for our friend James Urbaniak who's up and on the show.
Please welcome Joseph Scrimshaw.
I didn't realize until right before I was like, wait, am I 100% on your name?
I kind of like, it's Joseph Scrimshaw.
I like that being part of my name, just the hesitation. It's Joseph Scrimshaw.
I feel like that's a good name. Alia Shawkat was on the show a couple episodes ago and I can't even remember what it is.
I paused and was like, I don't think I've ever said her name out loud.
And then I was like, Alia Shawkat?
Anyways, it's enough about me.
So your podcast is called Obsessed?
Yeah, so it is a borderline sort of dangerous therapy because I thought it would be fun and funny to ask people what they're obsessed with
and then kind of comically rate them and then a lot of times people are like...
Rate, he said rate.
You can do that comically.
Yes.
Essential rating happens on my podcast.
And yeah, and sometimes people are like dangerously into the thing and then I never have the guts to say like, yeah, you have a problem.
How do you tell the difference?
Because Dustin suggested, well, maybe you should think of the things you're obsessed with.
And I started to kind of tailspin because I think, and my therapist has used the word obsessive in reference to me.
I don't think she's being officially diagnostic in that capacity, but she's saying,
you have to understand that when you start thinking about something, it's hard for you to get off of it.
So that goes for anything.
And then I was wondering, how do you know, is there a difference between, first of all, obsession, loving something?
I feel like there's a difference there because you can love and slash hate, you can be obsessed with cockroaches
and not want them to crawl on your arm.
And then there's that third thing, which is just like addiction or compulsion.
Do you draw lines between these things?
If somebody were to come on your podcast, Matt Gorely said he was obsessed with quicksand.
He thinks about quicksand all the time, or he did in his childhood, you guys talked about that.
And he obsessively makes quicksand still.
He does.
That's the recipe of the perfect quicksand from the 80s, like he knows how much oatmeal to use and shit like that.
Are there lines between that?
Like, do you ever have people, you email them and go, hey, what are you obsessed with?
And they write you back?
Do you ever write them back and go, well, that's, everybody's obsessed with masturbation.
No one has offered masturbation.
If they offered masturbation, I would take it in a second.
Now we know what this episode is.
I would be happy to talk with you.
Together about masturbation.
My short list was because I didn't know, well, I'm sorry, you can finish answering my question.
I think the big thing that I feel like I have learned about obsession doing this for a couple of years is that
when people try to take a thing out of the element that it lives in,
like a lot of times people will like a band or a TV show.
To me, you're truly obsessed with it when you find other ways to make it be a part of you.
Oh, fun.
So when you really like something, like, oh, I like that TV show.
Some people are like, I think I'm obsessed with Twin Peaks because I watched it all once.
No, no, other people are like, no, I have a tattoo and I have to look at it at 1247 every day.
It's of an owl from Twin Peaks.
It's when people try to make it a part of their lives outside of the original origin of the thing.
Our friend Derek Nears, who, Derek's been on the show, hasn't he?
Yeah.
He plays Jason Voorhees or did in some of the Friday the 13th, and he went to some horror convention
and a guy came up to him and he had a tattoo of the Jason mask on the back of his shaved head.
And he asked Derek to sign the base of his neck.
And Derek's like, no, because I know what you're going to do.
And he's like, just sign it.
I'm not going to sign it so you can get a tattoo.
He's like, I said that, I just signed my neck. So Derek, we're lucky he did it.
The guy came back the next day with the cellophane on it and the Vaseline.
It's like now forever he's got Derek's name in a Sharpie tattooed on the base of his neck.
Not to derail, but I'm kind of fascinated now with what Derek's, you know,
I remember feeling that way when I was 27 and like somebody would,
like I was working with Schrab and comic books and somebody would come up.
Well, I remember a girl, I've told the story, a girl who was a super fan of an Improv troop we were in in Milwaukee.
And when we brought the night that we announced we were breaking up,
she came into the dressing room with a basketball sized tattoo of our 90s John Crickfaluse looking logo
on her thigh saying like, I wish you had told me.
And I don't know, you know, I am a little interested in like, but that guy, I don't know.
That guy also when he showed Derek his license, he had legally changed his name to Jason Voorhees.
That was his name on his driver's license.
But that's not why Derek didn't want to put his signature on the back of his head.
Derek didn't want to feel responsible for this guy's obsession.
Arch on his neck, like why do you want my signature on you for life that's weird?
Like I don't want to be, not like you're a weirdo, but just like I don't want to have that much influence on the rest of your life.
He should have like written his name and then underneath, do not tattoo and see.
Do you think in Derek's mind this is where I would access it would be like the equivalent of if you were a female performer
and somebody, a girl, a young girl came up to you and somehow like, I'm trying to riff an example.
It's going to get me on kinds of trouble, but I'm like, also it's like on this clear side of like, like if somebody was like, can you, can you,
I'm so inspired by you and how beautiful you are.
And I like, can you like, I don't know, I'm trying to, what's the fucking example?
Like, assign this tiny sandwich container so every time I think of you, I can eat the smaller sandwich or something and that you would go,
I don't want to lend my, I don't want to endorse your, something that I think you actually need to deal with is that that's what I'm trying to get at.
I think for Derek, if it was more just a little bit of bashfulness, like he just didn't feel like that was, he was maybe worthy of that.
Which I don't think, if that's the only reason that I kind of came full, like, because I used to go, oh, that's a character from a comic book that my friend Rob drew.
I, dude, that's not important, like now it's going to be on your calf forever, like that's no good.
But then I started, at some point I was like, well, I guess it was probably all the community tattoos.
I was like, this is fine.
Yeah.
This is absolutely justified behavior.
Yeah, Joseph, did you start this because are you obsessive about things?
I am a very obsessive person.
Do you have a list of things or are they all under one umbrella of obsessions?
No, I have a whole list of things.
It's a little bit, I'm sure the joke has been made, you're obsessed with obsession obviously, you started a podcast about it.
Yeah, but I mean, there's always been media I've really liked, big Star Wars guy in college, I got really into squirrels.
When you say you got into squirrels.
I don't know if you know this about squirrels on campuses, but they're very friendly.
They're extra friendly.
Also, squirrels on film.
Yeah, well there was a squirrel in my neighborhood, I mean squirrels are very easily, they're so close to cats,
like evolutionarily, I mean they'll, they'll, they will, I mean, yeah, if you, like anywhere they're not getting actively killed all the time, they'll like,
if you go like this with your finger, they'll crawl up your leg.
Yeah.
And like because they think you might have a peanut or something.
There was a kid in my neighborhood, there was a squirrel named Charlie who did that, it clearly had been like trained or something.
How did you discover its name was Charlie?
We all called it Charlie, I don't know.
It was, it was, it was folklore, I don't know.
Charlie's.
Joseph, that was a very squirrel obsessed question.
Like you want to, how did you get so close to the squirrel that he, like he told you his name?
I remember just crawl up your leg and it was the most amazing thing to have a squirrel like, like, like use your pant leg, like, like, like scale you as if you're a tree and you're like,
and it's like right there, it's a wild animal, but it's like, and then you just feed it a little nut or something, or, or you go, sorry, I was just seeing if you'd do that.
I don't walk around with nuts, I saw you and, and then.
What form, Joseph, what form does your squirrel or did your squirrel obsession take?
Like, how did that manifest?
So I was doing like just sketch comedy stuff and I was doing sketch comedy with my brother and he was like, hey, I think what this sketch needs is for you to be dressed as a squirrel.
And my girlfriend does costume design, so she wants to make you a squirrel costume.
So I was like, sure, okay, so I dressed up as a squirrel and then I decided like, oh, I should be like real method about this.
So you didn't know that you had a squirrel thing until this.
Yeah, this is your origin story.
Yeah, this is how I became squirrel man.
Yeah, so then I started watching squirrels all the time and I think the thing that has.
Not on TV.
Yeah, in real life.
Because I don't want to get political, but there's not a lot of squirrels on TV.
No, it's pretty much rocky.
And when they are, they're like, ooh, I love nuts.
You're a writer.
I've noticed you haven't put a lot of squirrels in your shows.
Yeah, but the thing is that's, that's because of meritocracy.
The fact is, you need to talk to the agencies.
There's not a lot of talented squirrels out there.
God damn it.
You reflect all you want.
Big ol' squirrel planet in Rick and Morty?
I think it would work.
All right, so, so.
Give us, give us another obsession.
Give us another specific.
This is, this sounds like a joke because it is, but it is also true.
To be fair, squirrels sound like a joke too.
I have, I have been thinking a lot about shame.
I have been sort of obsessed with how people internalize shame because I think a lot of comedians
make jokes about feeling great shame.
But, and I do that too.
And then I also do feel shame.
So right now I've been obsessed with thinking about exactly how we all develop our different ways
of sort of internalizing that we should feel guilty and question everything we say.
Did you, did you change the subject from squirrels?
They kind of, they kind of go hand in hand.
Because squirrels are burying their shame?
No, no, no.
I asked them for another example.
Oh, okay.
Well that was fucked up.
I mean, we hadn't, I mean, getting a straight answer on the squirrel thing.
Did you ever get to the bottom of it?
I think the...
Jeff, don't you, be ashamed of yourself.
Dan, you're obsessing right now.
I'm in a weird mood tonight and I, I think I did one of those things where I forgot I took the Adderall
and then I took another one.
And then I also thought, because I was in Westwood, I was like,
oh, it's going to be a really long Uber Drive.
So I, I, I felt okay, like taking an extra like vape hit on the, on the thing.
And then I was like, and then I got here and I was like, you came in and I was like, oh, social.
Yeah, this is perfect for my squirrel obsession.
Because the reason I'm obsessed with them is I love how much they are full of energy and then suddenly slow down
and just focus on one thing.
And I feel like maybe that's the drug combination that you've created.
All right.
It's called a speedball.
What does squirrel slow down for?
Do you mean hibernating or do you just mean like when, when you catch them at a good time?
Well, yeah, sometimes they just like totally chill out.
It's in this very fixated way, this very obsessed way.
But, you know, they will be like, I'm, I'm excited by everything around me.
I have to analyze everything and then they'll just like settle into one thing.
Yeah.
I'm sitting in an audience member.
I don't even know why, but it's fucking captivating.
I can't let go of it.
And there's something like both like a ridiculous and noble about that weird squirrel movement
that just like makes sense to me in a strange way.
Squirrels kind of trick you because they're notoriously skittish.
They scamper and they hide.
They're squirrely.
And if they see you, they're super squirrely.
More stereotyping.
You'll see them climb up a tree and you'll get, you'll walk toward and you will,
I want to get close up to that squirrel on the tree.
And then it goes around the tree and hides from you at the other side of the tree.
Yeah.
But then it'll kind of poke his head around there and like you think,
okay, this squirrel, he knows that I'm his friend.
Right.
I'm going to get close to the squirrel and now they just lie.
Yeah.
No.
I like that they are, they alone, I mean, lots of rodents can climb trees.
Yeah.
But they really make a Spider-Man business out of it.
I like when they're going down vertically.
When they're climbing down.
They go nuts.
They really go nuts.
For the fresh almond taste of new.
But like with the climbing trees down and they're just,
it's totally natural for them to be pointing straight down and it looks like,
just like they're going up.
The tail doesn't, the tail doesn't flop over.
Tail stays right where it should be.
I bet they barely know.
I bet for them it's like when you play an alien in that old alien versus predator game.
And it's like, you get, you have to like retrain your brain and like not,
you know, think of anything as the floor.
I bet that's how squirrels feel.
I bet they, I bet they give zero fucks.
Yeah.
What's up and down.
I think they don't give a fuck.
I think they, they ask squirrely, but they give more fucks than an insect.
And I'm obsessed with insects.
You are.
Yeah.
Okay.
I mean, but not to the point where I'm smart about them.
I don't read about, I don't read about anything.
I don't think obsession is about knowledge.
I think it's about how much you think about it.
I don't think it's about knowledge.
Sometimes people come on the podcast and they might be like,
I've looked up all of the facts about new kids on the block or whatever and like,
I don't care how much you know about new kids on the block.
It's how you, it affects you.
Oh, it's, so you, that's a good example.
Like to use new kids on the block, like, like, yeah,
looking up all the facts about them,
it wouldn't break into obsession because that's something a fan might do.
Obsession is the threshold between that.
And like, like, like, like it's, it's taking a piece of new kids on the block
and like somehow, God damn it.
I thought, I don't know why I, I thought I had a point
and it was just your point from before.
It's, it's, it's, it's like saying like, oh, the new kids on the block,
like, like this is a, I made a new kids on the block cookie jar,
but it's like beyond, it's not just fandom.
It's like, I did it because I feel like the new kids on the block music,
like, would hold cookies better.
Yeah.
I don't know, like, like, extrapolation on a, on a kind of a, kind of a,
It's giving that, the thing you're talking about meaning that it doesn't,
that it shouldn't have.
It's taking it out of its realm and putting it into some other realm
that affects you in some way that it shouldn't ever have been supposed to, right?
Yeah, trying to make it a part of you.
And sometimes people on the podcast aren't like,
like it in a super, super healthy way.
But I love it when it's just affected people in a really weird way.
See, like, I wouldn't say I'm obsessed.
Every time there's a lyric that I'm singing along and the word is girl or world,
I say squirrel.
I just do that automatically.
I fucking love you.
Yeah.
Because like, like, when we, like, Greg Priebs and Ryan Stiles,
like, we, we'll make that five minutes of our show of just doing all of that.
You're like, it's squirrels, squirrels, squirrels.
I'm nuts and fuzzy, but.
Yeah.
I like squirrel.
You're going to be a woman soon.
I like this.
I love it.
It's very complex.
Because the squirrel is brown, it turns me on.
Oh, those are good ones.
Yeah.
I don't like you guys getting along like this.
All right.
But that, that doesn't count as obsession.
That's just more of just kind of a fetish, right?
That's just fun.
Yeah, that's a fetish.
Yeah.
That's a fun improv game fetish.
Yeah, fetish it because like, like, I made a, I made a quick list,
like, on my way out to the garden.
Okay, cool.
It's like, okay, pantyhose, redheads, Minecraft, race, personal technology,
systems, rules, structure, coconuts, and biology.
All right.
But some of those are fetishes.
Right.
Like pantyhose is a fetish.
It's like, I can't ignore, I can't, I can't not think about like,
like sheer fabric.
Right.
It arouses you in a sexual manner.
If it's in the room, it doesn't matter.
It's not like if you're, you know, you don't have to worry about me like
babysitting your sheer fabric clad nana.
Uh, like, I'm not, I'm not going to do anything because of it,
but I, but I am going to be unable to, to ignore.
Like you need to, is it that you need to look at it?
Or yes.
Like, I don't need to touch it.
Okay.
I want to make that very clear too.
Like, I have to tell that to yourself.
Do you look at it and have to say, don't touch it.
Don't touch it.
Well, that gets, I mean, like, yeah.
Well, because I'm talking about, when you talk about a fabric fetish,
it's so much of it is like, is like, what would that, what would that feel like?
I guess.
So I got to, I got to be, even though it, it, it makes me feel unsafe.
Like I, I should say, yeah, well, that's, that's like, it's a, it's like,
I want to touch it.
Yeah.
Um, yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Was there a childhood thing that made you attach to pantyhose or do just associate them with like,
I think the seventies was like a very pantyhose clad time.
It really was.
People were, women were, it, it, it, it just like on TV and like,
which I spent most of my time watching, but then like even like the women that would come over to
visit with my parents, coworkers and things like any, any encounter with femininity during that,
that magical time when I'm sure like it, my theory, maybe over simplification,
but I truly think that human beings are like these little pieces of popcorn and like we simmer and we,
and then like there's, you cannot control the moment that your kid pops.
Right.
And that at that point, like they might be looking at a coffee filter.
Um,
there, there, there's a, there's a good chance they're going to be looking at a previously
propagated like mainstream kind of channel of sexuality.
Right.
But there's also like, then there's like the, all the ancillary stuff is just like,
I was probably under a table playing with toys and trucks because I,
I didn't like to look at people.
I didn't like to make eye contact.
I, I, and I, so I was frequently under the table, near the people.
And I probably at that age when everything just exploded.
Like when I think about it, it like spikes my, I'm, I'm like, yeah, I bet.
Like I just like, like, like there were just like women with pantyhose on,
like, like, like, like probably just like hanging out, like playing dominoes or something above me.
And some of them were probably ants and, you know, who knows.
Right.
And that's probably where you get some of the, the dip and dangling on pop and like,
like the shoe stuff.
That's under the table.
I was like, that was, that was what the, that was, that was what femininity,
sexuality, eroticism was for me.
And then that was tied to like a bat, like, like bat girl and like,
like, like, like the, the, the, the, like women's legs clad in like sheer fabric.
Yeah.
That was like a superhero thing.
And it was also like a, like a, like the, the solid gold dancers in the,
I don't know, anything that would have anything to do with this.
Oh, the solid gold dancers.
Showmanship and like.
Right.
And your on-plane dominoes.
Yeah.
Lani Anderson on WKRP.
And like.
So no, does it transfer though from sexuality and from a women's legs to like,
when you see like a bank robbery in TV and something has like.
Yes.
I go, how can that guy rob that bank without getting a hard-on?
I go, I go, that's fucking weird.
I don't, I don't literally, not literally, but, but, but, but I actually do think I like,
like, like if I think about like when guys like in movies,
when they are going to rob a bank, a guy goes like, okay, put these on.
Like I get distracted by it because I go like, how come nobody's having a conversation about
how this feels like perverted?
Like because it's, it's pantyhose.
And, and I'll, I'll do you one better.
Nylon is frequently used as a windsock or whatever you call it.
Like for, to block your plosives in audio recording.
So you get the regular ones that you buy that they're professional,
but then if you don't have those on hand, you can make one of those.
Coat hanger and some pantyhose.
Yeah.
And so, yeah.
Well, anybody else is probably just like, oh, that's just an object.
And I, I get into a record with her like, so anyway, whoa.
Okay, check, check, check.
Check, check.
There was a time, Dan, I think we're at the drawing room or somewhere and I had these
new socks.
So like they kind of pulled all the way up and they were very sheer.
I'm like, hey, Dan, check these out.
I feel these and you reached over and felt them.
You're like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
What are you?
What are you doing?
I was like, oh, shit, I forgot.
Well, I know you didn't forget.
You were fucking with me.
I never had you felt one of my socks.
No, no, no.
I'm saying, I didn't go into that thing thinking like, oh, I'm going to play with Dan's.
Yeah, you did.
That's why you brought it up.
Maybe, maybe, but I didn't know that I was going to get that reaction.
I thought you would go, oh yeah, nice.
But you reached over and kind of just like reflexively just touched it and then you
had this big reaction to it that I was not expecting at all.
Well, I would refine that memory and go like, you were like, so what do you think of these?
And I was like, all right, take it easy.
And you're like, touch them.
I'm like, I'm not going to touch your fucking pantyhose socks.
And you're like, come on, touch them.
And I was like, all right, fine, I'll touch them.
Jesus Christ, what are you doing?
That sounds fair enough.
Now, Joseph, how would you rate that on your obsession?
Do you have an obsessive scale?
Yeah, yeah, I asked questions.
Do you want to do it about pantyhose?
These are the questions that I used to rate that session.
Dan also said coconuts.
I want to get back.
I want to put a pin in coconuts.
Okay, you want to?
No, no, no.
Let's stick with pantyhose.
I want to see where this one falls.
All right, we'll do pantyhose and go to coconuts.
I feel like that's a fucking Mark's Brothers movie.
For pantyhose and coconuts?
Pantyhose and coconuts.
Wap, wap, wap.
Oh, that's, that's just, that's just, just, just.
Here's, here's some of the questions.
Do you think about pantyhose every day?
Yes.
Like even if you don't see them, you'll just be walking along,
doing your business, and then just think, ah, pantyhose.
Yeah, yeah.
But I, but I see them everywhere.
I mean, so there was no, there would be no,
but if I was locked in a cell, which they probably should be.
You'd be thinking about pantyhose 24 hours a day.
I would, I would, I would figure out a way to think about them.
Yeah.
They would come on the walls of your prison.
They would come into my head, yeah.
Okay.
But, but like, I always, like, I'll be, I'll be watching a movie.
Like, I was just watching Now You See Me 2.
And I just, like, I just, it has nothing to do.
It's like, ah, god damn it, I forgot her name.
Two broke girls.
She, they, they replaced Ayla Fisher with her in a weird, on-the-nose way.
And now I kept.
Lizzie Kaplan.
Lizzie Kaplan is the, is the new one female in Now You See Me 2.
They add 95 men.
And Woody Harrelson gets to play two men.
But Ayla Fisher, apparently, now you don't.
And so Lizzie Kaplan at one point, like, she, she, she wears like a knee high, she wears
like boots that come up past her knees and like, not like a short skirt, like a, like
a thigh-length skirt.
So there's, there's like this much thigh showing.
Okay.
And it has nothing to do with, like, pre-interest, honestly.
And I was like trying to, because I was watching it with Cody and it was just like, I don't
even know.
It's like, like, I, like, I, but it goes into my head, like, if I see a shot in a movie
where anybody lands, like, or it's like, like, like somebody's what, like, I just, like,
I, my mind, like, like says whether or not they're wearing not, like, like pantyhose.
Well, like, you feel like you can identify quickly.
Yes.
Like you're an expert.
And I ran through it with Cody.
And I was like, because I feel more comfortable talking to her about this stuff.
But, and it was interesting because it wasn't a definitive thing.
And it was like, it was definitive in my mind.
Yeah.
It was, which I think is obsession because it's like, why would you even have that?
Because she rewound it.
And she was like, well, it's, her legs are the same color as her face and her hands,
though.
What are you basing it on?
And it was like, I couldn't even really pinpoint it.
I was just like, I don't know.
You have pantyhose confirmation bias.
I have, I have, I have, I have first.
Joseph, I'm glad you finally said the words to her.
I have known her for so long and I just, I just never feel like the time is right.
I have, I have pantyhose confirmation apparatus, which is already weird, right?
Like why you shouldn't even, okay.
Not shouldn't, I mean, it doesn't matter, but it's like, it's not, it's, it's, it's,
that denotes.
Okay.
Yes.
So every day, every day, every day.
Okay.
Have you ever had a dream about pantyhose?
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
A wasted question on my part for sure.
But if you could steal pantyhose from someone's home.
I have.
I have done it.
I was just going to apply to ants, by the way, or coconuts.
Well, I guess I wouldn't steal coconuts from anyone's home.
I have, I have, I have robbed trusted.
Yeah.
I was younger and I like crossed that threshold.
Like, oh, you need to fucking own this.
Yeah.
Okay.
You stole pantyhose.
You need to go buy them at the grocery store and stop being embarrassed.
Like you need to like pretend you're buying toothpaste and also are they like hidden behind
your air conditioner, like Dexter's blood slides or like, what do you do?
Do you, did you collect them when you stole them?
Or did you just, it wasn't, it wasn't like about her like sniffy like pantyhose.
No, it wasn't like, I'm taking an article women's clothing because of her.
It was, I, I, I, I, I, I keep, I keep going like, oh, no, no, no, not like that.
I don't want anyone listening that has any predilections.
I mean, I don't want anyone to ever feel ashamed of themselves.
But I, so, so I'm pulling back on my pulling back.
But no, for me, it was like, no, it was like a new package.
And I was like, fuck, I'm never going to get this chance again.
Okay.
But then you just appreciated them.
Like you just like appreciated them.
Yeah.
While, while kneeling and rubbing his nipple and listening to Radiohead.
I, I, I, I jerked off with them.
Okay.
When I have at one point, I was like, well, maybe you're, I mean, come on, maybe you're
like at Wood and I like tried them on and let's like see if that's working.
Yeah.
You know, that, that didn't work out.
And like, but I've done, I've done everything you could think of.
And that's why you don't know me as well as these kids.
But I, yeah, I have like, I have mannequin legs and things that I'll, I put, I buy,
I go to the store, buy them.
Now there's Amazon.
Thank God you just get a box of, and then it's just on the leg.
Now I have a, now I have a girlfriend who knows the whole score.
So I don't really have to right now do a lot of like commerce based.
What's the next question, Joseph?
But yes, I, yes, yes, I would steal them from someone's home.
But I say that with all due shame because I was like 23.
And as soon as I did it, I was like, this is huge.
You need to do it.
I'm not, I, I don't mean, I just want to clarify.
I don't think it's cool to steal from people.
Right, right.
No, I, like, it was, it was a, I have, but I haven't done it.
You'd be robbing banks with a boner.
That'd be funny.
The point is, by the way, was the worst, was the worst Marx Brothers movie.
This poor female friend, she, she finishes doing dishes and comes upstairs like,
what are you doing?
And I've got the pantyhose on my head and I'm like, I'm robbing you.
And she's like, of what?
And I'm like, these, and I just run out with them on my face.
And she's like, well, I don't want those.
They're $4.99.
Well, I'm embarrassed.
I wouldn't want anyone to think I'm a pervert.
I'll tell you, can I tell you just how much?
Please, please, please.
Like, I, I, I, it was during a barbecue at a, at a, at a, at a platonic friends place
and during it, I, I, like, I, not only did I, I didn't just, I, I took, I, I hadn't,
she had a lot of them and, and wore a lot of them.
God bless her.
And, and I felt like she would never miss them because if I did, like, so, because
obviously there's like cowardly things if I thought it would be noticeable.
It was like, because of the circumstances, I was like, this is your big chance.
Now, now I look back on that and go, you fucking pussy.
Just own your perversion and like go to the, but, but, but that, this was my first like
kind of reckoning.
Were you going to say own your perversion and go to the grocery store?
Yeah.
What are you going to say?
I just, I want that phrase out in the world.
So.
It's my, it's my license plate frame.
That's, that's your keep, keep calm and carry on.
Yeah.
Uh.
I, uh, I took, I took, I took a package of, of, of panty.
I like to dress up in squirrels.
And I'm going to Ralph's.
I, I hid them in a bush.
Uh, that I would, that, that between our homes.
Just, just, just like a squirrel would.
I hid them.
Yeah.
I, I, that's, you know, I hope that my candor somehow balances that.
No, but I also feel like I'm a woman and I'm listening and I'm going like, I knew it.
Like, like, like, like about, about that gender in general.
But yeah, I guess if there's anything I can do to encourage that fear, I would.
Yeah.
I bet like, like, like we're, like we're, we're dangerous people.
All right.
Next question.
Sounds good.
I was a friend and I hid her panty.
I was in a bush.
So I could take them home and that's, I mean, that's fucked up.
I'm just admitting this now for the first time out loud.
You put them in the bush so you could retrieve them later on.
Yeah.
And take them home.
I was like, I was like, I'm going to put these here because I'm not going to walk
out with a party.
What were they, what were they in a full, what kind of package?
Well, they were, they were, they were the Haynes, like in the flat package.
Gotcha.
So yeah, you couldn't just put those like in your pocket.
Yeah, I could have.
Well, I could have, but that would have taken like any, some strange form of courage in
the face of my coward.
Yeah.
Every move had to be cowardly.
So.
But you had to get them out of a room to an outdoor area where there was a bush.
Yeah.
So how did you get them?
Like you put them inside your sweater?
Like what?
Like the barbecue, I just put, I tucked them away and like, and I, I, I'm like, I got to
get rid of this shame so I can forget about it.
Now that I've committed the crime, profited myself, I'll just bury the body, go back
to the barbecue and then, oh, look what I found in this bush.
When did you, when did you return to the bush after the party was over?
Yeah.
Like a middle of the night or what?
I don't know.
Were people still there?
After the, after the, after I was done at the barbecue, yeah, I was just like, I was
going like, I have this weird chance through all these circumstances.
Like, like I, at that time, the whole thing, the whole context was I never thought it was
possible to be so unashamed of this like fascination and obsession that I, that I felt that there
was no Amazon and there was no, I just, I just, I had, and I had never just like bought
a pair of pantyhose.
This is your only access then.
This was the opportunity.
This was the threshold like from like looking at photos of women wearing it and to like,
and then I was like, I've never, I've never actually like really.
Had you ever thought about like, before that moment, had you ever thought about, could I
just go and buy them or did that not occur to you at all?
I had thought about it and then I had been like, I can't do that because like, I was,
I don't know.
I was just scared.
I was so ashamed.
Like I just thought, I don't know what I thought would happen.
There's like somebody would go at the grocery store, I would go, so toothpaste and what are
these for?
Because it's not Halloween and these are taupe.
They're not like Robin Hood.
Like, what are you doing?
What are you doing, buddy?
I don't know.
It's like, when you feel shame, like you don't even really, to me it's like, it's not, there's
nothing logical about it.
Like it's, it's you, you think everyone, everyone will know and like, like things that they would
have, you, you bother to run through, it's like the telltale heart, you know, it's like,
yeah, like you're, you do the extra math, like, like, so, so the things that you'll do to
avoid.
Right.
You imagine what everybody else is going to say.
And that's the dangerous thing about shame, which is why I think it's like, like that's
the thing is like the more, the creepier a thing, the more that we don't want to look
at it and like, we go like, oh, well, I know one thing for sure.
I feel better about myself as a mainstream citizen because that guy's really weird.
The thing is the, that's, there's a little tax levy on that.
I think, and like, this isn't self-justification, this is like my, like, because of my taste
of it, I feel bad for people that like, wouldn't be able to say into a podcast and therefore
feel like, like, get some sleep at night.
I mean, I think that's a positive part of discussing obsessions is I think in general,
our culture is moving towards sort of like, whatever you love, you do you and being loud
and proud about it.
And I think that it is great that you are being loud and proud about Pantheos.
Loud.
But no.
No, Joseph.
It's just loud.
I want to get back to the question on Pantheos, but I have a side question.
The last question was, have you ever stolen?
Yeah.
Have you ever stolen blank?
But let's say we had picked race, which is one of the things that has stolen race.
I've co-opted it.
We all have.
It's called rock and roll.
Do you steal race every day?
We built this city on appropriation.
Yeah.
Do you just not use that question or do you apply that question somehow?
Have you ever stolen?
You couldn't.
Yeah.
I'd alter them if I have to.
I had somebody who just wanted to talk about fear and I didn't ask them, would you steal
fear?
Because you didn't want to accidentally launch a DC comic.
Yeah.
Who are you?
Fear thief.
My story begins in Saigon.
Yeah, so I tried to alter them.
I dig it.
Okay.
Moving on maybe?
Fear thief.
I want Armenian fan art of fear thief.
I like it because it's like an FX series because it would just say fear period, thief period.
But the title of the show would be fear thief.com, hashtag, like, you know, okay, go ahead.
Would you discuss pantyhose with Hitler?
Would I discuss pantyhose with Hitler?
Yeah.
Almost certainly.
Yeah, because I got a figure he's tired of talking about genocide.
And I'm not going to ask any new questions about that.
No, I don't really.
Hitler would talk about race, maybe not coconuts.
Yes, I would.
I would.
I mean, I'm going to create a situation where I'm in a conversation with Hitler.
Absolutely.
Because it never happened.
Forget what you've read at Alex Jones' YouTube site.
It's a YouTube site.
Okay, grandpa.
What's Alex Jones' YouTube site again?
YouTube?
You fucking...
I figure, like, it's like a cosmic situation.
And I'm kind of stuck with Hitler for a while.
Right, in the void.
I'm going there to, like, I can't kill him and I can't, like, talk him out of...
You know, I'm not going to...
I'm absolved of, like, engineering.
You know, I don't have to do anything that people are going to yell at me for doing or not doing.
You're stuck in a void with Hitler.
You talked about pantyhose.
You could have killed Hitler.
I would.
I would go, you know, I would try to go, like, oh, hey, Hitler.
Like, I'm picturing, like, we're, like, treading, like, Etheria.
Like, because we've both had some Kubrickian fucking mishap.
And so I'm just, like, eye-to-eye with him, like, in some weird, like, whirlpool.
And we're like, I don't know how long we'll be facing each other.
And, like, Michelangelo's whipping by.
And I go, like, and, of course, Marco Polo, like, don't do it.
Marco!
He'll be back again.
But then, like, for some reason, I'm, like, faced off with Hitler.
Like, it's, like, the current's going both of our ways.
Like, hey, Hitler.
And he's, like, Dan Harmon.
And I'm, like, like, did you...
So you're familiar with me?
And he'd be, like, like, yes, for whatever reason.
I, yeah, I saw a community.
It was, like, did you like it?
And he's, like, yes.
And I'm, like, yes, ah, shitty.
I just want everyone to like it.
But it's Hitler.
So we'd get my shit out of the way.
And then I'd go, like, I'd go, like, so why Hitler?
Like, why would you do that?
Do what?
Like, well, why'd you...
Why'd you do Hitler, everybody?
Well, I didn't.
Okay, well, that's what everybody says.
Nobody says I didn't.
I'm not Hitler.
And then I'd go, like, well, so, like, what...
Tell me, like, what you were really passionate about,
because there's the whole arts versus, like,
genocide dichotomy, as if your teacher had told you
you drew good.
You wouldn't have killed six million people.
And he's, like, I've got to stop you there.
I didn't kill six million people.
I was, like, I don't want to have...
I don't want to take part in a revisionist conversation.
Hitler.
And he'd be, like, like, don't compare me to Hitler
just to win an argument.
And I'm, like, you're Hitler.
So, eventually, it would run into, like, this rhetoric wall.
Right.
And I would go, and I'd go, like, okay, fine.
So let's talk about anything other than the Hitler stuff.
And he'd be, like, yeah, if you don't mind.
And I'd be, like, fine.
And I would, I think, one of the third or fifth things
I would get around to is, like, what is it...
So what are you into, like, like, like, dude, like...
What popped your little kernel, popcorn?
Yeah, like, like, what do you...
Are you, like, you think you're a little...
Like, where do you think you are on the kidsy scale?
Or, like, like, like, like...
Like, like, like, what do you...
Like, are you a boob man, a butt man, a leg man?
Like, I would have gotten there, yeah.
Okay.
So do you feel like if you were swimming in Etheria,
you were swimming in the void that did not have water?
Treading Etheria.
I coined Etheria, and if you ever tread in it from now on,
you owe me five cents a minute.
So you're treading Etheria.
Just such a great drug term.
And Hitler comes up to you.
Right.
And says, like, I'd like to engage you about pantyhose.
Would you be like, no, fuck off, Hitler.
I'm not...
No, I would be like, holy shit, what?
So pantyhose are more significant than I even thought?
Like, yeah.
If anyone ever...
Yeah, if anyone ever, like, came up to me and was like,
let's have a conversation about pantyhose,
I would be like, it's like saying Minecraft.
Like, I'd be like, okay, yeah, like, you have three hours of my time.
But that doesn't count after the show.
I go back there, I call an Uber, and I phone out.
Because you met a guy once that says,
he goes at night and takes photos of a certain storefront
that has mannequin legs in it, right?
In New York.
Oh, yeah, I met a guy at a bar that did that.
Yeah, they had a mannequin thing.
Yeah.
And you guys had a very interested, healthy conversation
about just getting to the bottom of what that is.
I don't, well, I guess that's a shame,
because I don't remember a damn thing.
Sorry, sorry.
So next question, we kind of already talked about a little bit.
Would you get a pantyhose-related tattoo?
No, but that says more about my obsession with not getting tattoos.
I just...
Yeah.
No, I wouldn't, because a lot of it is rooted in kind of shame.
And on one hand, I feel like that would be healthy to overcome,
shame in general.
My therapist says there's good shame.
A toddler has shame if they're at the top of a set of stairs
and the parent goes, no, don't.
So then every time you get near a big flight of stairs,
you feel like this jolt of like, oh man,
I don't want my mommy to get mad at me,
which it's like by falling downstairs and like, there's good uses for shame.
Toxic shame is a benefit to nobody and stuff like that.
So I have a lot of toxic shame about, well, just in general, about everything.
So I'm trying to figure that out.
I don't think I'd ever...
But aside from that, I think a tattoo would just ruin everything
because a tattoo is like a Superman logo.
It's like, here's my thing.
And I kind of, I think there's a little pocket of shame about it
that's like, I like the kink.
So you wouldn't want like an actual tattoo of pantyhose on your legs
so you could always look down and see pantyhose on yourself?
No.
Who would want that?
Yeah, that seems silly.
But if somebody came to you and said, you must have a tattoo,
would pantyhose be in the running if just like you had to have a tattoo?
Yeah, sure.
Like a tack man and like, I don't know.
Okay, that's very helpful.
Minecraft, I guess.
I'd probably get like a Minecraft tattoo.
Okay.
I have one more question to rate your obsession.
And this is a weird one.
It's a strangely metaphysical and you can interpret it how you'd like.
If you could not enjoy looking at pantyhose without you or someone you love
first being punched in the crotch, would you still look at pantyhose?
Me or someone I love?
I can pick me, right, all the time.
Or you can pick someone you love, which sometimes people on the podcast do.
They say, yeah, give it to Steve, fuck him.
I love him.
I'm so sick of loving him.
I think there's a very real possibility.
I would never, I think if someone else had to get punched in the crotch,
even a stranger, even if Robert Logia came over with a magic button
and said, you get to look at pantyhose every time you hit this button
and somewhere someone will get punched in the crotch.
I think I would go, okay, well, obviously this is...
Are you picturing Robert Logia as the enforcer, the one who does the crotch punching?
Who is it?
It's Frank Langella.
I get him to run the button movie.
Okay, I'm sorry, is the question, every time you look at pantyhose,
somebody gets punched in the nuts?
You can get a subscription.
So depending on the terms of the subscription,
if I had to get punched in the nuts in exchange for a year of getting to have pantyhose
be a part of my life, visually or whatever, I would be like, okay.
Yeah, so then after you took it for a year and the pantyhose gods came to you
and said, I'm sorry, we need to up it to once a month.
Would you go monthly?
I'd start to go, what's going on here?
Isn't there terrorism happening somewhere?
You don't question the pantyhose gods.
I know, so I would start to go, then I would start to, I think I would start to go,
well, okay, I see where this is going.
You're physically being punished by the gods for what you're doing.
I would start to actually think about how to kill the gods.
Because I'd be like, well, this is obviously a call to adventure,
because this is wrong.
And if I found out I couldn't, and I would do it in a very cowardly way,
I would find out if there was a way to steal their force field and put it in a bush at a party.
I love this is the beginning of your hero's journey.
But I wouldn't, yeah, I don't want to, well, because the thing is, I think, I don't want damage to...
Yeah, yeah.
You wouldn't be able to...
Pain, you know.
Right.
So you take a punch in the arm?
I would take a heavy punch in the arm.
Okay.
I would take a punch in the face.
So you take a punch in the face before you take a punch?
Once a month?
Yeah, once a month.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hit me as hard as you can.
I grew up in the Midwest in the 70s, like, I'd fucking hit me as hard as you can in the face.
As long as I don't lose a tooth, like, fucking, and I get to look at pantyhose for a month.
What if you had full, unfettered access to pantyhose, however you wanted them,
like, with that fear of consequence or repercussion, but you lost nipple sensitivity?
No, no, no, no.
Not worth it?
No, no deal.
That's what I'm saying.
No permanent damage, I don't want to alter myself in any way.
That's why I said, I don't even want to lose a tooth necessarily.
I don't want to ever look at a record, but pain, fuck pain.
See, here's great, because then I start to figure out the boundaries of the obsession of tooth loss.
I don't want to lose myself at all in any way.
And that was a thing that I was going to talk to you about, but I guess we should get to the thing.
Because in compiling my list, I noticed a connection, and as a person obsessed with obsession,
I was wondering if maybe you would shed some light on it.
See the connections?
It'll take us all out of this.
We should finish this.
I asked people to make a noise to sum up their obsession.
Can you make a noise to sum up your obsession with pantyhose?
It's like fewer syllables to say, well, hello there.
I didn't know we got four days for Thanksgiving.
I was trying to think of a title for that sound.
That's great.
There's French fries on the bottom of the bag.
I think there might be a food component to all of your obsessions.
That's how I measure fucking worse.
How many fries are left in my bag?
How many calories?
Okay, do you want me to rate your obsession level with pantyhose?
I do.
Okay, so I used the number seven just for fun, and then I always create a thing that...
Wait, you rate things by using numbers for fun?
The number seven is for fun, because sometimes people get obsessed with seven.
Because it's arbitrary.
Oh, are you saying it's a scale from one to seven?
Yes.
All right.
So I'm going to say it is seven aunts playing dominoes.
Out of seven aunts playing dominoes, I think you are five out of seven aunts playing with
dominoes obsessed with pantyhose.
It affects you on a daily basis, but you have clear limitations where I will not cross this line.
Yeah, I would never involve other...
I would never take a toll on other people's lives.
Or even mine in a way that I could actually would have to think about for the rest of my life.
I don't think it's quite worth surgery or permanent injury or impacting another.
Do you think, Dan, there's something else on your list that would give you more dominoes aunts?
I don't know.
I mean, that's a primal sexual kink, so I'm pretty sure as far as compulsion, as far as
what you could get me to compromise for.
I mean...
How many aunts do you think you would score on Minecraft Obsession?
I mean, Minecraft is like cigarettes or something like that.
I put that more as an addiction, but I am obsessed with Minecraft's addictive quality.
Holy shit, how can one game be so good?
Why can't anyone make a better game?
While making that list, I was like, aunts and biology and systems and rules,
I find myself, I think, particularly there's a huge component of my life,
and my obsession with story structure and stuff like that, is I don't want to change at all.
And I'm obsessed with the idea of simplicity, order, systems, rules, cleanliness.
In a love-hate way, on one hand, I refuse to be told what to do,
and I'm fascinated with anyone that tries to tell anyone what to do.
It doesn't matter, and I think it trickles down in my obsession with race and racism
and gender politics and social activism and all these things,
because you'll find an equal number of people that fucking loathe a thing that I say on both sides.
I'm a cuck to whatever you call them.
And I'm a pig-headed fucking Belushi to the SJWs, which I don't use the phrase SJW,
but I'm right in the middle because I'm always going like,
who's trying to tell me what to feel and think?
And for that matter, who's trying to tell anybody else what to think and feel?
And then I'm also like, who says a movie's hard to write?
And who says, why can't you?
It all seems to come down to this thing where I want to be this dirty piece of shit,
this pile of organic gunk, and I want to come up with a way of like,
how can we all be that, but have it all make sense.
Right, so you want to find a little bit of order within the chaos,
but you would like it if the order maybe looks like a lump of crap.
Maybe it's that I want to prove that the highest order of all necessitates chaos
in just being organic.
I'm selfishly want to create a system in my mind for myself, or I want to die.
I want to prove that I don't belong. I don't know.
Okay, how do coconuts fit in with an obsession with order?
Coconuts are like, there are this giant, hairy, floating nut.
So they're like a Lovecraftian food object.
They should not be.
It's like sperm in the form of this liquid, and the inner coating is like egg,
or it might be the other way around.
There's gametes in the fluid, and there's food stuff, like the milky coconut stuff
inside of the layer that you can scrape it off and eat it.
That is delicious to that liquid, I think, as it is.
This feels more sexual than the patios to me.
It is really super sexual, and it's like biology in general is so...
I love the genetic...
Here's something that I just realized, or I just realized it's okay to say now in this episode.
When I was in ninth grade biology, when we were first starting to learn about genetics,
I would get aroused by the discussions about dominant and recessive genes and stuff like that.
There was no sexual component to it.
There was nowhere near actual reproduction.
We were talking about on a cellular level, like RNA becoming DNA and all that stuff.
I get aroused.
Would you steal biology?
Bioburglar.
There's something about...
Was it the recessive gene or the dominant gene, or the relationship between the genes?
Are you a top or a bottom in the genome situation?
Genes kind of turn me on.
The idea of genes, the idea of biology, the idea that we exist as part of some strange, goopy mass
that started as just entropic molecular collisions,
and that something within that is like, I want to be, and I know it's not being,
and that that always takes this aqueous, soupy, salty, briny, visceral form,
like the primordial soup.
It's exactly what you're saying.
So it's a system of order that functions, that creates things that are very scientific,
but it's a thing.
The reveal that Milky Good is a computer gives me a boner.
A mind boner, right?
I'm saying like I really did when I was a kid.
The thing is, when you're that age, you're getting boners in geometry too,
but I did feel like I was especially titillated by all this talk of like,
the teacher would just go around the room and he'd go like,
so if you have curly hair and then you reproduce with someone that has straight hair,
and they do like the four quad, you know, the Gregor Mendel chart,
I would find myself going like, I don't know, curly hair and straight hair getting together,
and they're like, I don't know, just like I could.
I was just like, the idea of anything like just biology,
just like fucking, they just always turn me on.
Right, but it's not just random substances getting together.
It's substance to create order.
Yes, yes.
It's not just like, I'm going to take this mustard and I'm going to mix it with honey and wipe it around.
You're like, that's not interesting to me.
Yeah, yeah, no, it's exactly right.
It's the, it's the biolispid, what do you call it, the lipid, the lipid biolayer or whatever.
The membrane is a science thing.
It's like all these descriptions of how this shit works and how it is,
like trying to accomplish something, but it's like, it's like goopy and like, yeah.
So you are obsessed with the primordial ooze that creates structure.
Yeah.
And pantyhose.
But that goes to like imprisonment and things too.
You know, in pantyhose fetishism, there's like a thing called encasement,
which is like, that's people who are so into pantyhose, like nylon,
that they'll just like encase their whole bodies.
So there's like sites that are just like, it's called encasement as a fetish.
So it's like head to toe.
Okay. Like, and you can easily do it with basically two pairs of pantyhose or three.
Like you take, you take one pair, pull it up to midsection,
another pair, you put your arms instead of your legs in and put your head through the crotch,
and then take a third pair, put it on your head.
Now you're encased.
Now, I haven't tried it.
But we had, we, we had,
It sounded like an infomercial.
And now you're encased.
It's just that easy.
You can do it five minutes a day.
It costs less than a cup of coffee.
Sometimes you can just find them in bushes.
Remember when Adam Goldberg's roommate was on the show years ago before I went on the tour?
Yeah.
Adam Goldberg had a young lady who was his roommate.
She came on and she was, she was, it sounded like she was a little bit into encasement,
a little bit.
She likes to like, like skin tight spandex.
Like it was like, anyways, but wait, I forgot what I was talking about.
Oh, biology reminds me of that.
Like there's a fucking zoom manatee, like fucking like, like pushing your,
like hands against a membrane or something.
I don't know if it's like, I can't figure out if for me it's like,
it's this idea of like, like cocoon or like, is it, does it have something to do with like,
like I want to airbrush all of humanity.
I can't tell if I love or hate order.
Yeah.
That makes sense to me because you want to, when you get fascinated with structures of order,
it's always in some sort of messy, sloppy way.
Like at least aesthetically.
Does that make sense?
Yes.
Because I don't, because I'm not an engineer.
I'm not an architect.
I'm not, I don't, I don't, I don't go, I love systems.
I'm going to think about traffic all day.
Yeah.
I don't, I, yeah, I want, I want, I'm like, I'm interested in human shit.
Like, and the fact that when you poop it out, it goes into a network of tubes underneath us.
I want to talk about that or ants, which we try to like spray to keep out of our house
and the fact that they exist as an older species with a much more systematized thinking and
super organized death.
It has something to do with the causticity of like most of the shit that we think is a system is bullshit.
It's like an outgrowth that is actually what we think is order is actually chaos.
It's a cancerous tumor growing on proper order.
Proper order is God's order, which is mud and blood and cum and shit.
It's organic.
Yeah.
And beautiful.
Dan, do you think it's possible that there's people listening to this?
Who are no longer listening?
Watch how delicately I shoehorn our ad into this.
Do you think it's possible to be obsessed with Rick and Morty and video games at the same time?
I think if you, I think if you like, I think, I think Rick and Morty definitely indulges
because Rick is like, he's a sociopathic, anarchistic, like crazy genius who definitely doesn't want to be told what to do.
And yet he's like able to like make robots and clones and he's able to subvert biology and technology to get whatever he wants done
and all he wants is to be left alone and puke green shit out of his mouth and he still drinks out of a flash.
There's like definitely an embrace there of like, what is the role of order versus chaos?
An exploration you too can now take part in using Cryptozoic's new Rick and Morty games that they've come out with.
There's three games, I believe, right?
You tell me.
Well, I have it written down right now.
I was just told by Dustin just to plug this right now.
One game is called Total Rickle.
You can play Mr. Meeseek's Box of Fun Dice and Dare's Game.
Oh, oh.
So I promoted that wrong in the mid-roll recording that I did at one point because I thought there were two things
and one of them was called Mr. Meeseek's Fun Box of Dice and Fun Dare's Game.
You might be right, I'm only reading what's in this text.
Wait, Dustin's saying there's two.
There's two, you were right.
Okay, all right.
See?
There was order in the chaos.
There was order in that chaos.
So, Jeff, are you saying that this company that I think is called Cryptozoic.com?
I think yes.
Are you saying that if you go to their site Cryptozoic.com slash Harvintown,
that there's something that would make you special in some way that you could partake in the purchase of either this Total Rickle game
and play cards and fight alien parasites?
I just feel like there might be obsessive people out there who are wondering what their next tattoo
and what the thing they should steal next would be.
And maybe it's a video game.
These aren't video games, these are more tabletop-y kind of games.
Are they card games?
So they're easier to steal, actually.
My text is this, reminder, at some point we have to do an ad for these Rick and Morty video games.
All we have to do is acknowledge they exist and do a bit where we say the names of them,
which are Total Rickle and Mr. Me Six Box of Fundyce and Dare's Game.
And then you text it back, got it.
It says video games?
Video games.
Sorry.
That's his...
Dustin said sorry.
They're not video games.
No, they're not video games.
The tabletop games you can play with, is it fun for the whole family?
Yeah, I believe the Total Rickle game is like a card game that takes advantage of...
Everybody remembers the Parasite episode where the alien parasites are in the house
and they can't tell, it's kind of a clip show because they can't tell which of their memories are real
and which have been implanted there by...
That's the Mr. Poopy Butthole episode, isn't it?
Yeah.
He has the card game in the car.
You knew that I was full of shit when I said video games.
And then the other thing is, it's like a $40 Mr. Me Six Box that has a functioning button.
It's $35 for you, though, if you go to Cryptozoic.com slash Harmontown
and use the promo code Harmontown or something like that.
Also me undies.
Okay, so back to you, Joseph.
Yeah.
So me undies.
So they're...
No, wait a minute.
Don't bring your integrated marketing into my show.
How dare you?
Oh, wait, we're part of the same network.
Yes, me undies.
Yeah, me undies.
They're very, very silky, smooth, soft.
Twice as soft as cotton.
Yeah.
Dan, have you ever felt...
We can be honest.
Have you felt me undies?
Did they get into the realm of the sheer pantyhose fetish for you?
Yeah, close enough for me without me feeling all the way like I'm cheating.
Cheating on pantyhose?
No, cheating on wearing underwear.
If I just wore...
Cheating like...
Oh, wait, I'm not wearing actual underwear.
I have a secret.
Which is fine.
Again, don't let my quest for an identity trample in your rose garden.
If you're wearing panties right now and you're...
Fantastic.
I would encourage you to feel better about that.
I have a shame problem.
I'm saying me undies is so...
It's twice as soft.
Do we really have to do it in me undies?
No, we don't.
No, I was...
Well, this one's on the house because honestly...
No, we charge them for this one too.
No, me undies are like...
When you touch them for real, yeah, they're like...
They're really soft.
Twice as soft as cotton is a good descriptor.
It's not Hocom.
And yeah, when you put them on the dude's side of the fence,
the heteronormatively dude's side of the fence,
it does feel it's just this side of the Joe Rogan threshold
between self-indulgence and transition.
I have only...
I have only touched the me undies samples that I got to my face,
and then I was disturbed by how soft they were.
Like, that's too soft for underwear.
Your first instinct was to touch them to your face?
I like that.
It was in a public place, so it seemed the best way to sort of assess
the claims of me undies that they were so incredibly soft.
What is that?
Is there a female in the audience that is sort of open to...
And sort of a...
Just like a coffee.
Just coffee, you know.
No, I'm trying to figure out how to phrase it.
Just somebody who has an appreciation for,
finds value in their life for kind of the frilliness
of traditional female garments.
I don't know how to describe that.
Like, somebody that's like,
oh, yeah, I like putting on frilly corsets.
Like, lacy business, lingerie type stuff.
What's that?
No, like undergarments, but when the full frilly fashion...
I guess, no, thank you for making me clarify
because I think it would be more important to hear from somebody
who's making it part of their day-to-day life.
Like, you're actual, like, outerwear,
like, that you're actually, like, you're wearing it.
Because the question I want to ask is how much of it is for you
and how much of it is for other people,
and I know that's not a difficult...
I know that's a weird question to have to answer,
and it's not definitive, but that's why.
I'm just curious about having that.
Is the person saying that,
willing to just come up and be a character for a second?
Or a person.
Okay.
Hello.
What's your name?
Zoe, hello, Zoe.
Welcome, Zoe, to the stage.
Yeah, have a seat.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
I appreciate you because I know, especially...
These are times where this is a little bit of a...
There's a little minefield we could go into here.
You could...
Not for me, honestly.
Like, you could end up...
Yeah, I mean, I guess.
Because people tend to like, oh, she's an ambassador,
and that's not how we feel and all this stuff,
so I will stress going forward.
Sorry if you have...
You're just an individual.
You're not representing anybody in particular.
Yes, sir, that's right.
We're hearing from one person.
So, like, yeah, how will the answer...
You heard what I was talking about.
So, like, I don't know.
For me, like, a big thing is definitely,
like, personal comfortability,
and I know, like, everybody dresses.
I think mostly for themselves.
I think mostly when people get ready in the morning,
they dress for themselves,
and they dress for how they want to feel about themselves,
contrary to the popular belief that everybody kind of
dresses for how they want to be perceived.
I think some people do,
but a lot of people dress for, like, how they want to feel.
Yeah, I'm never sure what I'm doing,
or where you draw that line.
I mean, we're like chimpanzees,
so we're like, what are we doing
when we're, like, clothing ourselves?
I don't really know.
Like, I open my closet and I go,
okay, so there are thoughts that go through my head,
where I'm like, that have to do with other people,
that have to do with other people's perceptions.
Right, no, I think, I don't know, personally,
like, I definitely got to a time where I was, like...
because I like to dress for other people,
to a certain extent, and then I got to a time where I was like,
fuck it, you know, like, I'm gonna dress for me.
Are we talking about undergarments in particular?
Yeah, yeah, in particular, so like...
So are you wearing something exotic underneath right now?
Well, not on top of it.
I, like, made the choice.
I was like, how much of my boobs do I want to show today?
So I wore, like, a regular bra, like a normal person.
But I have gotten kind of into a thing of, like,
I don't know, bralettes have gotten super popular.
Bralettes?
Bralettes, they're like, they're like bras with no support,
and they're just...
I know most of the ladies here know them,
they're mostly, like, lace or, like,
a really, really thin material,
and they've gotten freakishly popular.
I'm an advocate already.
Yeah.
They're great, they're great, they're mostly, like,
they're mostly sheer, lace,
and they've gotten, they're so incredibly comfortable,
you don't have to deal with, like, the underwire,
the clasps of regular bras.
So they're not giving you the whole lift and separate action,
they're just there to kind of, what, just to feel good and...
Oh, like, keep the nipples in line?
Keep that, just kind of, yeah.
Yeah, order in the chaos.
So, to what extent, like, like, so...
This isn't an easy question either, like, bras in general,
like, we were all born past the time of, like,
well, we weren't all born until you're out there,
like, there was this bra burning thing,
it was like bras specifically,
we were just focused on for a moment in our history,
it was, like, in feminism, it was like,
what the fuck am I wearing these for?
The idea was, like, aren't these just making my tits look better
for whom, and, like, like, fuck you,
and that, but then from that gets born,
it's like, well, wait a minute, like,
when I'm jogging, I don't want, you know,
and I don't really know anything about that stuff,
I've never actually asked these questions,
like, like, but, like, to what, the under,
you said, you're talking about the underwire and the...
Yeah, so bras have, like, a metal wire underneath them,
like, we know how, yeah?
Yeah, but I'm sorry, because you said these bralets,
the difference is, like, one of the differences is lack of support,
and the word support, kind of, like,
for me needs to be clarified,
because support could either mean comfort for the individual
or cosmetic support.
Yeah, so, like, support so your boobs look perkier,
is essentially, because boobs just aren't...
But bralets have less of that.
Yeah, yeah, so they're mostly, like, elastic or, like, lace,
or there's no, like...
They're keeping you from being super nipply underneath
whatever else you're wearing, so it's, like,
underwear, like, kind of, like, for your boobs,
like, as you would expect.
And it's all just about the perspective of comfort.
Yeah, and a lot of them are, like, super lacy,
and, like, you're supposed to, kind of, show them off,
so you'll wear something that's, like, more see-through
or strappier, like...
All right, now let's talk about, if I can be indelicate,
let's talk about them, like, below the waist,
like, you wear, like, fancy things,
like, garter stockings, you're like...
Fuck yeah, fuck yeah!
No, like, um...
Oh, like, yeah, like, garter, thigh highs, stockings.
I, like, I grew up with, like,
pantyhose or tights that you wear
all the way to your waist, which are fucking weird.
I'm not a huge fan of them. I definitely, like,
thigh highs and, like, garters more,
which are less acceptable.
Are you so into that? You'd probably wear that...
Wait, wait, wait. Oh, because did I make the sound?
Like, um...
I did, like, a cousin of the sound
because I'm not actually...
Uh-huh.
Four days of Thanksgiving?
Which I...
That was disturbing, by the way.
Now, are you so into... Zoe, right?
Are you so into wearing, like,
stockings and thigh highs
and garter belts and things like that,
that you would wear them under jeans,
or only when you're wearing, like, a dress or something like that?
Uh, dresses and skirts mostly, just because they're, like, hard
to maneuver under jeans.
Yeah, yeah.
So, yeah, like, dresses and skirts mostly.
Gotcha. But when you're wearing that, that's more visible.
That's partly for you
and partly for the public.
See, that's where it kind of gets sketchy,
because I like to wear them for me.
Like, I like them, I think they're fun,
I feel more comfortable in them,
and I don't like to wear them if I know they're going to show.
See, right now, I'm only wearing underwear
made completely of squirrels.
Easy, Joseph.
No.
Zoe!
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
He's reacting to your squirrel underwear,
like a squirrel would react to...
To my nuts.
To a non-to...
That's just another reason to get the,
get a subscription to the streaming service.
Zoe, I know this is a, this is,
again, not an easy question to answer,
and again, Zoe is not up here
representing anybody, so, like,
she's like, she's going to answer personally.
personally. As far as outward, and for those audio only, Zoe is not, she's unmistakably
feminine, she's wearing jeans and a sweater, and she's like, this question could, we have
no idea, we have a neutral, I think, person. When you're getting dressed in the morning,
are you, like, do you have any idea, like, how, first of all, the first question is,
how much is it for other people, how much is it for you, and then the second question
is, how much of those other people are men, if you're heterosexual, or, yeah, like, we'll,
then we need a different term, like, how many of those other people are, yeah, okay, perfect.
Yeah, yeah, whatever the word for that is, because I'm 43, so I'm like, potential suitors?
I don't know what the term would be. Many different callers. I'm like, Jane Austen.
But, yeah, so you got to answer that in any order, in any manner, and feel free to have
your answer be a mess, and just you individually. We'll probably be a mess. Okay, so, like,
for me, I will go to sleep by myself at night, and I will wear lingerie, just because I
like it. It's, like, it's 98% for me, I would say. I would say, like, I got to a point,
my, sorry, babe, my boyfriend isn't particularly into all the, like, lacy frilly stuff, so it's
definitely all for me, like, it got to a point where I was like, all right, fuck you, I'll
buy it for myself. Was this something you would do by yourself, though? Like, if you
weren't in actually dating, you would wear lingerie to bed? Yeah, fuck yeah. And it's
partially aesthetic, right? It's not just the comfort, it's just like, I like the design
of it. I like the way that I look, it's fun, it's comfortable, like, depending on what
you buy or what you wear. But, like, yeah, for me. I feel, I can't tell if this, like,
in, like, 1993, this was like a fun, cute thing for a guy to say, but now I don't know if
it's just one of those pigheaded perpetuation things to say. But I feel like if I were a
woman, I would, I would, I would, like, I, a big part of, like, what I wore to bed would
be, like, how I looked, but I don't know now that things would feel like other, like, I
would, but yeah, like, but that's, I don't know what, even where that gets filed anymore.
I'm like, I feel like I would wear, like, Garfield, like, t-shirts, but I would make,
but I would, like, pick them, I would want them to fit right, so that I would, like,
so that I'd look like, you know, Joe Beth Williams in poltergeist, like, I'd want to
look like Joe Beth Williams in poltergeist, that's what I would say. And I think I'd feel
like, like, roll around in the bed a little bit, and then, like, you know, and then, and
then go to bed, and it wouldn't have to do with, like, sexuality, but it would have to
do with aesthetics.
Yeah, for sure.
And that would add to my comfort or something.
I mean, it, like, it definitely depends, right? Like, not every night I'm going to,
like, throw on a corset and some thigh highs. I'm mostly going to be in something that's
more comfortable than a corset.
Nothing's, like, sleeping in a corset.
Yeah, it's, it's the best, especially if you're going for those, like, full-bone corsets.
It's very comfortable.
So you were actually a straight-up whale bone, like, from-
Oh, I don't.
You don't.
No, no, but I definitely have friends that, that have, like, done the full, like, bone
corsets that are going to break your ribs, if you.
Yeah.
But my, my, my head gets flushed with all of these crazy, like, questions, because the
other thing also is, like, it's not a straight gender dichotomy either, even if there was
one there, because then part of the swirling irony of the gender dichotomy would be, oh,
that there's, like, an indoctrination of the whole visual thing, and it's like, the
big thing would be, like, okay, if you were a dude that was ripped, if I was Vin Diesel,
like, do I, do I then wear a dude equivalent of a Garfield shirt, like, that goes to mid-five?
Like, what does he wear to bed?
And, and, and is it all for comfort, or is it all, does he go, like, yeah, like, oh,
well, look, and it helps me dream better.
I mean, what do you wear to bed, like?
I just, I try to sleep as little as possible, because it's, it's, I, I, I worry that someone
will take control of my life while I'm off guard, um, I, I, five, I, I, depending on
the, depending on who I'm with, I may have, uh, uh, pants are on my ankles with a laptop,
uh, on my, uh, lap, uh, uh.
That's so funny, I was just reading, I'm reading Augustus by John Williams, uh, and it's about
Caesar Augustus Octavius, and, uh, he said the same thing, like, he, he, he didn't sleep
that much, because he didn't like the idea that, like, that he was wasting that part
of his life, like, like, like, other people are going to be doing stuff while I'm, like,
while I'm-
I try as hard as I can not to sleep, and I, and I, and I, I get away with it, like, I,
I sleep very little.
Spencer-
But it's, uh, but underwear, underwear, and, like, sometimes naked, but it's, like, it's
naughty.
Like, I feel, like, I, like, I, like, I, like, fuck these underwear, that I'm, like, I'm
naked, and they're like, like, I'm a little baby in the sheets, like, like, I'm a little
naked baby.
Spencer, are you a naked sleeper, lingerie sleeper, what, what do you, what do you do?
I'm a lingerie sleeper.
Spencer-
Do you, do you, do you care for the frilly garments on, on your, on, on a lady, or do
you care about-
No, I don't care about anything.
Spencer's in a bad place, I think, sir.
Well, he's in the worst place, because we can't see him when he's at a table.
What, since we stopped playing D&D, what's the point of him having a table, by the way?
Why, why doesn't he just sit up here, like, like, like, I could flip it if I get mad
enough.
All right, he was, he was in a, he was in a, he's, he seemed a little sleepy and, and
like, I don't want to say anything that has a value judgment on it.
Yeah.
It's like, you were sleepy.
You said you were sleepy in the, in the green-
Oh, I said it.
He said, I said-
He's going to flip this table.
We, we have to put more interesting things on the table, so when you flip it, there's
like a debris field.
Yeah.
It's definitely one of those nights where, there's nights where I forget about Spencer
and that's why he doesn't get to say a lot in the show, and then there's, tonight I was
like, I was like, I think Spencer needs some space emotionally, like, because I feel like
they're-
Well, mostly it's just like I don't have anything to contribute, like, for instance,
I don't care about pantyhose and I don't care about lingerie, so what am I going to-
How do you, what do you come in on coconuts?
I mean, exactly.
They're the most mundane thing on the planet.
I'd never thought twice about a coconut.
They could fucking kill you, bro.
Yeah.
They could look up, look up coconut deaths right here in Hollywood.
You know that more, more people die of coconut deaths than-
Isis?
Than Isis.
Yeah.
And 58% of all Isis deaths are coconut related.
That's what they don't want you to know, a big coconut.
All right, Zoe, so, okay, so sometimes you, so you will sleep in something that is not
necessarily designed for functional comfort, but there's a blurring of the line where it's
like, I look good and that makes me feel good and that, like, I want to wear that to bed
and it's not even like self-sexual, it's not like you're, like, masturbating, like, exactly
because you're like, oh, I look so good in this lingerie, I'm going to masturbate in
the fall asleep.
It's just like, I feel comfortable because I feel feminine, I feel, and so that right
there answers like a big part of my question, which is like, because if you were in the
morning then if you were picking your outfit and you were to wear something that had an
alluring, like, vibe to it, a tactile vibe or, like, it could very well be then, like,
obviously if you're doing it, if you could do it in bed for yourself and have it be detached
completely from other people's perception, then clearly, like, there's no question that,
like, sometimes you just want to feel like a certain way and that, I don't know, we're
monkeys so we don't know, we can't detach ourselves from other people's perception.
You're more, maybe a little more closer to how I am, like, I like dressing up, I like
the feeling of putting a suit on, I like the action of tying a tie, like, I like, also
with lingerie, a lot of the fun has got to be fastening a garter, like, to a stocking,
right?
Right, right.
That's just, like, that feels right.
I mean, honestly, in the mornings, like, I will, like, shower, put my undergarments
on and then take my hour to get ready before I get dressed.
Like, it's something where it's, like, it's fun for me to dress up even if it's underneath
what I'm wearing and, like, I know what I'm wearing throughout the day even if other
people don't.
Like, it's really not about them.
Right.
Like, picking up stuff from the dry cleaners, just walking out with a bunch of new shit
ready to rock, like, and then you see it and it's in the closet and there's a bag on it
and you take it out of the bag and, like, I want to put this fucking suit on.
Have you ever stolen someone else's suit?
If I found anybody my size, I fucking would.
I mean, I used to steal clothes a long time ago, but that was back when I was just a shop
lifter and I didn't have any style at all, like, I didn't even know what my style would
have been.
But I don't think I'm a thief anymore, but let's just say I went into somebody's, like,
like, if I, like, if I woke up, like, Alibaba Bunny when Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck tunnel
up into, like, Aladdin's, like, treasured cave.
They take a wrong turn at Albuquerque.
Yeah, exactly.
And they're like, like, for me, it wouldn't be gold in the piles of jewels.
It would just be a bunch of Vivian Westwood suits everywhere.
And then I would steal everything.
I would.
I have dreams.
I obsessed, like, my, my, my general dream at night is a mild anxiety dream about what
am I going to pack?
What clothes do I have?
Like, what am I bringing?
Yeah.
Like, it's like, I'm a little late for the, for the plane or the train or the tour bus
or whatever.
And it's like, oh, no, I don't have the tie clips.
What the fuck are the tie clips?
I'm like, it's, it's a mild anxiety dream that permeates like almost like half of my
dream state and it's all sartorial.
It's all this clothing shit.
So do you guys.
So Zoe, let's draw a line between Zoe slash Jeff and me slash Spencer, who I, I lay in
bed in whatever I was wearing when I fell into bed.
And when Spencer texts me, it means I'm five minutes late for work and I have five minutes
to get ready so I can only be 15 minutes late for work.
And like that.
And I, and I, that like, I almost like create scenarios where I can't, I, I taking a shower
and caring about what I wear is off the table.
I almost, I almost, I wonder like, oh no, for me, it's obsessive.
I said five alarms.
So I've got all that time to get that shit together.
I wonder, I wonder if I'm doing that because, well, here's what I'm wondering.
I'm wondering if the difference between people who take pleasure in caring about their clothes
and people who don't is a matter of experience.
Like it's like, well, if you tried it, you'd love it.
If you could just like in the eighties movies, it's like the bookish girls got her glasses
on and she's never tried looking like Molly Ringwald, but if she just, you know, oh, you're
so insecure and that's why it's like, that became for us, I think, you know, moving forward
from there was like, well, that's a symbol of oppression, like the idea that we want
to be pretty and like, like we just crave, but, but now it's 2016 and it's like, okay,
open pool table and fucking Donald Trump's running for president.
So let's all just figure out who we are.
In light of that, like, like, so, like, is closed people, like if I got a taste of what
it felt like to care about clothes, would I get slowly sucked in?
No, it's not part of your essence.
It's not really who you...
I don't think so either.
It never has been.
It never would be...
I've gotten married.
I cared about clothes a lot that day and I kind of like, I suffered through every minute
of it.
You know, it's like, it's always going to be for me.
It's like going to church or something, like, okay, and then I got to put this on.
And I can look in the mirror at the end of the day and go, oh, yeah, I guess I can see
how people would prefer that.
And that's also why it took three hours instead of 20 minutes.
And I kind of...
I don't know, like, for me, like, at the end of the day, like I said before, it's just
kind of like, fuck them.
Like, it's what's up to you.
I definitely don't think that, like, I got...
I don't know.
It's like, you like putting on suits for you.
Yeah.
Right?
You like how you look in suits.
This feels like pajamas to me.
And pajamas are like little suits.
They got little lapels.
They got...
Pajamas got pockets.
Where am I going to put in that pocket?
Do you have a...
I got pajamas with, like, a suit's breast pocket.
Give it a squirrel in there.
Like, I'm not going to put anything in there.
I'm not putting business cards in my pajamas.
That's why I feel...
See, I love pajamas.
I went through a phase when I was working in community and I had a little bit of a nervous
breakdown and I started just coming to work in my pajamas.
I think I was just trying to get fired, because I was just like, well, if you guys are telling
me to stop caring about the show, I'll just come in my pajamas and it'll look like I'm
relaxed while I'm fucking trying to edit the show, right?
And so I was just, like, wearing pajamas and they're like, you're wearing pajamas.
I'm like, yeah, I'm a pajampian.
Like, I coined the phrase, hashtag, and I got fired.
Just for that play on words?
No, I think also, because I was insane, but like, it's like the idea of comfort, like,
if it was like, oh, these are silk or like, if everyone just wore pajamas, I don't know.
Like, I could see there's a Venn diagram where all of us are like going like, oh yeah, that's
great.
I love those Vivian Westwood pajamas because when you go like this, they don't rip or, and
they also feel good when you're sleeping, but they look good across a room.
I was like, I like, when I was in London doing some shows, there was a Vivian Westwood store
and thank God there was like a sale going on because it's really expensive.
And there was these great, tall, like, rail thin gay guys that work there and they're
just, like, wearing outfits.
I could never wear it because they're way too flashy, but they look awesome in it.
And like, going in there and trying stuff on and like, that's me being the, what a girl
wants, like, like, like, that's my mantra.
What a squirrel wants.
God damn it.
Oh, no.
Am I going to fuck Joseph Srimsor tonight?
Do you still have the costume?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, shit, it's on.
I'm going to put a suit on, it's going to be really good.
But yeah, like, then I, so I got this awesome suit that I love and I came out of the thing
and I was like, oh, no, we have to find a tie for it.
And they're giving me these really flashy ties and it's not my thing.
And I was like, I was the only guy in the store.
And it's all these, you know, these great London, you know, like sales clerks in a sexy
store in Savile Row.
And the shirt was really flashy ties.
And so I pick out like the one I liked and the guy's like, I go, what do you think about
this?
Well, it's okay if you are in fifth grade, it's like a French guy is like, I was like,
hey, man, like, I can't, we can't all dress like you.
But like, I have to keep it a little more square than that.
To me, then you leave with a big ass bag and you feel like Julia Roberts and Pretty Woman
is good.
Right.
I had a, I had a breakthrough with a guy I'd like, I think it was literally like, it
was something, it was in New York and I had to do some kind of show and it was like, I
had to run out to one of those, you know, Saks Fifth Avenue or like,
You had a buyer, like a shopper, like a personal shopper.
Yeah, like, or there was a guy that, but like, like it was a, it was a guy that worked at
the place and it was like, he was like getting frustrated with me because it's like, what
do you want this and that?
Dan, Dan real quick, like he got what I would love to have is somebody that takes you out
and is a personal shopper and you go out and they pull stuff for you and you try stuff
on, they take you from store to store.
Oh, you're thinking of a different thing though.
That was a disaster.
Yeah.
There was an emergency where it was like, I needed like a new, I wanted a new, I wanted
to get like a jacket or something for a thing and I remember the guy getting frustrated
because it's like, he worked in clothing and he, there was this barrier there where it
was like, I need a new jacket and I want to look good, but he like, it's like when you
at, when it's same thing, when I go to a haircut place, it's like, well, I don't, I'm not in
the business of talking or thinking about my hair, but I'm here for a haircut.
So what are we going to do about this?
And so there's frustration on both sides and then there's a syndrome there of snuff like,
like you feel as a consumer, if you don't care about your hair or clothes, you get,
you feel, you feel bullied, you feel snobbified, like you're like, oh, this person like knows
more about hair and clothes and they're judging me.
But I think it's just like, they just want to know and I, and that's why I just blurted
to the guy at one point, I said, look, I want to, I want, I want clothes that no matter
where I went in time and space, people would ignore me.
They would, they would not be able to tell if I was rich or poor or clean or dirty or
from the past or from the future or high status or low status.
They would leave me alone and he was like, oh, and he like, he took, took me over to
a fucking gray jacket and he was like, oh, you, you mean, he's Saint Laurent.
Yeah.
He was like, oh, you want to be a fucking generic time traveler.
That's great.
Like, like, like, yeah.
I would love a clothing store that was just called, what are we going to do about this?
That totally embraced like, I know I want to do something different, but I just, yeah,
like you can just come in weeping and like, it's okay, we'll help.
Or just a place where like, you know, like there's like wine, clothes, hair.
There's got to be like five other things in this category where it's like, every once
in a while you run into a person that somehow strikes upon a vibe with you that where you
don't feel intimidated and in that moment, you learn a thousand things like I've eaten
in a restaurant where I was like, I just had the fucking balls or whatever stupidity or
highness to go like, look, I don't know anything about wine.
Can you tell me what the fuck this is all about?
And I've done that before and had the person go like, tell you all about it and all right,
knock it off.
I'll take the hash browns.
Fuck off.
But then like, but there are those moments where you intersect with somebody who's like,
who's like, oh, you want to, you want to me to teach you about wine from the beginning.
Right.
Yeah.
Treat me like a person that wandered off a rocket ship and doesn't know what a glass
is and go from there.
And sometimes you get like, you get like, you'll sometimes you've got a hairstylist
like that.
And sometimes you'll get a person that's like, picking your, is helping you find a shirt
And then, and then, and you kind of like, I don't know if you like, like I walk away
from those experiences going like, oh my God, humanity has a chance because I still don't
care about jackets, but I don't.
I no longer, there's this whole world where I thought, I thought it had everything to do
with it.
You're either smart or stupid or you're hurting someone or a victim and it's actually, actually
just people who care about jackets and people who don't.
And I met a person today who is in the right mood and we talked, like we made a friendship
and I got a jacket.
Right.
I have knowledge and I'll share some with you.
It's not a judgment whether you have it or I don't.
It's just.
Right.
Hey.
It's just a huge market for like, well, you know, look how big those, that series of books
blank for dummies.
It's like, yeah.
It's like, like, like take that principle and just go like, and like, like, like this
is a clothes store where what are we going to do about this?
I guess I just took 10 minutes to repeat what your, what your pitch was.
Yeah.
Like you had like, like, like place where you felt comfortable walking in and going, I
don't know, man.
Yeah.
Come on.
Help.
When you were a little girl, like, did you always like know what you wanted to wear?
What were you like, what you were going to wear to school or out when?
Yeah.
I, I, I was, I was a little bit out of it, uh, grown up.
So I did, I had like my, my phases, but every phase I knew exactly what I wanted to wear
and like how I wanted to look and how, how I felt comfortable.
Actually, um, on the drive up here today, I'm from Orange, um, we had a conversation
about my hair because I've, your hair is badass by the way.
Thank you.
Um, we had a conversation because I want to nestle inside of your hair.
You know what?
After all, give me the opportunity.
All right.
We're good.
Joseph and I are going to get into like a squirrel.
It does.
It, it, it is like a nest.
It is.
It's, it's, it's like a nest.
So we'll, we'll take that time, um, but about how I went through like a large period of
time where I was like just red hair and I was like, like fire engine bright red hair.
And I was like, this is me.
And I like attached myself to that and that was like what I was just most comfortable
with and like how like I knew that that was me.
And that was like a mistake and I definitely, I had, um, another two years where I still
had the bright red hair, but I also had a Mohawk and so it was like, but I was like,
this is fucking me.
Like I'm, do you have any idea why, what, what, you know, what, what signal you got that,
that made you go on the red kick?
Um, no, I have, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,
I, I do know that one day I just heard redhead and now he's going on us.
No, what I heard was like a common cry of somebody who's just like, I have a history
of like, I would just pick random shit as I was growing up.
But I go like, well, I gotta have something.
I had, I straight up had like a Mohawk and like you guys see, I have real curly hair.
And so I just buzzed the sides of my head and just had like a weird ass curly Mohawk
for two years.
And it happened because my friend one day it was like, I'd like to shave my head.
And I was like, that's a good idea.
I went home and I was like, Hey mom, break out the clippers.
And she was like, all right, let's do it.
And so I show how tall was the Mohawk?
I mean, it grew like my hair was about this height, like how big was the, how high was
the Mohawk off your head?
Well, it got to a point where I couldn't wear it like straight up anymore because I wasn't
like gelling it up.
I was just letting it do whatever.
So I would braid it back.
I got you.
So it'd just be like one braid down the center of my head.
Big it once.
Yeah.
Very, very odd.
It never got like super high.
And when it got, I had, I had bangs too.
So it was like a pompadour above the Mohawk.
Yeah.
Whatever you're thinking, that's what it looked like.
So then this all leads inexorably to like, like, did you have an epiphany at any point
of like, I don't know, were you, were you pursuing things the wrong way when you were
going from this to this to this to this?
Like Don Cheadle in Boogie Nights, he's like, I'm a cowboy.
I'm a robot.
I'm a, he had to find his look or did you, or is that, or are we seeing you, are we
seeing you in another phase?
Or did you have a, did you have like a Zion that you came home to?
Um, I don't know.
Um, like I really don't, because I, I think I definitely like my motto through high school
was like, when I'm 80, I just want to look back and be like, yeah, I did that shit.
Like like every single thing, would you like to see like, oh, would you like to see yourself
change?
Cause a lot of people look at themselves.
Like when I die, I want a montage of just all my bad hair choices at my school.
Oh, there you go.
Yeah.
Cause because that's, that's the thing that happens to all of us anyway.
And like, it's better to embrace that like too many people from my generation are like,
oh, these embarrassing like, oh, the things this was in back then, I look like the Ramones
and all this stuff.
And it's like, well, yeah, but you didn't know, I mean, like, and also like what, what
is your hair?
It doesn't matter.
Right.
Yeah.
So it's good.
It's like, you're, you're just like, I want those coffee mugs from every gift shop that
is like every three years.
That's right.
So, so I definitely like right now, it's just kind of like doing my thing.
This is what it's appropriate.
I'm like a new adult, so I'm going into like, this is what will get me okay in life without
me like getting in trouble for my bosses.
And I'm sure I've been kind of talking about reverting back to like the bright hair.
So I have a bottle of pink dye in my, in my bathroom right now that you make a change.
Do you know, is there, is there a signal?
Are you, is it, does it come from inside or does it come from outside?
Do you see something like a billboard or something and go like, yeah, most of the time I'm like
scrolling through Instagram and I'm like, that's pretty cool.
And I'll just like, like that's how the pink bottle of dye ended up in my closet as I saw
like a black Afro or a black girl with an, with a pink Afro.
And I was like, oh, that's mine.
That's mine next.
So that's.
So this dude right now is you kind of walking the line of being respectable, but still a
little funky.
Yeah.
Like, like it was, my hair is dark naturally.
And so it was dark.
I bleached my hair to put in the pink dye and then I was like, no, I dig it.
Let's keep it for a while.
So like it really, there's never an opportunity for like, er, there's never a point where
I change and it's like really planned.
It's just kind of like whatever.
To make it pink, do you have to get it way, way more light than that?
Yeah.
So you just got to bleach the hell out of it then.
So it affects what you do.
Like if you went pink and it was a little bit more shocking, do you feel like I would
maybe do some things with pink hair that I didn't when I was not pink hair?
I mean, I think maybe with some, I'm just, honestly, I'm just kind of fucking crazy.
So like I'll do, I'll do whatever anyways.
Okay.
So yeah.
I mean, I, I, I don't think it would.
Would you talk to Hitler about pink hair?
Yeah.
You know what?
I might be like, dude, if you embraced yourself a little bit more, maybe dyed your hair pink.
Oh man.
Just the mustache.
That's a good, that's a good choice.
You might be a little happier.
What, what would Hitler have done differently with a pink mustache?
Like every, but I mean, people probably would have laughed at him a little bit.
I laughed at him a little bit more.
Oh, you don't want that.
Yeah.
I judge you guys think, thank you for bringing that up.
We're going to wrap up the show.
I'd like to wrap it up with this thought because people keep comparing Donald Trump to Hitler
and then other people keep going.
He's nothing like Hitler.
Don't do that.
I just would like to say as a closing thought, I think the idea of comparing a politician
to Hitler is to get a fucking jump on it as early as possible.
I see no fucking punishment for doing it prematurely.
I think that's a good gun to jump.
I don't think Hitler, he wasn't like, during the primaries going, let's kill 500,000 Jews.
He didn't like ramp it up.
He fucking got elected and then the shit storm sharded.
Because I don't know what that weird speech.
The schizos started.
He thrusts his fist against the speech in pediment and then he's each his dick.
Look, fascism is an opportunistic infection in a country that's been destabilized economically
and culturally.
The clowns that rise up that get everybody's angry attention, they typically have funny
hair and silly mannerisms, they're rodeo clowns.
So it's good to, yes, he's Hitler.
He is exactly Hitler.
He's precisely Hitler.
Cliff Hanger!
Let's hear for Zoe, everybody.
Thank you so much for coming up.
Awesome.
Cliff Hanger.
Joseph Scrimshaw.
Thank you.
What a pleasure.
To his Feral Audio podcast session.
Spencer Crittenden.
I'm Jeff Davis.
Your mayor is Dan Harmon.
Go check out those non-video games.
Rick and Morty, whatever the hell they are.
Come back next week.
The world will still be here.
Oh, awesome.
Nick Seatman for writing an awesome song about the Radiohead Nightblade song.
That was absolutely magnificent.
All right, everybody.
Drive fast.
Take chances.
We love you.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.